*** LOR ***
The histories and politics of the region of Lor.


Overview:
Lor, as a region, sits between two mountain ranges that almost sets the region of Lor off by itself. While the main road along the southern edge see's traffic from around the continent, Lor is seen as an isolated area. While the rest of the continent is slowly being swallowed up by the Gradian Empire, Lor has yet to be touched due to it's remoteness and difficulty with moving an army into the area. The three kingdoms worry about Gradia invading but are also too busy fighting amongst themselves to rule the area or keep the other's out. One of them is trying to unite the three against Gradia incase they invade.

ABDEFGHIJKLNORUV
Kingdoms: 
Kingdom of Roh
The western most Kingdom, Roh has the most contact to the outside world. This gives Roh the most money and trade, but also has them afraid of the expansion of Gradia.

Kingdom of Kallin
The center kingdom. Niridiv doesn't have access to mines or close access to the greater continent but has an abundance of food. Master farmers and fisherman keep Kallin a thriving nation. Kallin does eye some of the mines in Roh that are near to the capital.

Kingdom of Drun
The right-most kingdom. Badan is a nation of fighters and warriors. Badan and Roh and closest allies as they are both in the most danger to Gradia. Also they view Niridiv as weak. 


Religion:
Lor believes that their region was carved out of the mountainside by the axe of the God Noruv. He battled an evil sea snake and in the battle missed once and caved the valley out of the mountain side. Afterwards Noruv fell in love with a woman from the sea known as Inabar. Together they birthed the first people in the region of Lor. Kallin makes bold claims that they are the closest since they live closest to the sea. Inabar is looked at as the mother of humanity, but isn't always viewed favorably. Some say she is responsible for magic, which a lot of the citizens of Lor are suspicious of. They say that she still held a lot of snake like characteristics and magic users are seen as snake-like people. Untrustworthy and always having ultirior motives. The fact that they seem to live longer than most by many years also adds to the distrust of the citizens. Some villages have small celebrations to her, but they are seen as suspicious.

The Gradian religion tells of a woman from the sea who bred with the only man two give birth to the nation of Gradia, which is similar but different. Each region had it's own take on the origin story of man and the Gods, but they are slowly being made isolete by the Gradian Empire.

References:
Viking, Saxon, Gaul. The look of Lor is before the middle ages but after the Roman period Earth. As time goes on there will be more brick, middle age influence to the world. 


Months:
Morns light - 28
Inabars Dance - 22
Rainsfir - 26
Gundars Wake - 29
Noruvs Fire - 30
Sunsfir - 24
Bloodmun - 26
Harvest Fall - 24
First Frost - 25
Nights Fall - 22
